README.md, before:

[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/opencollective/all/riffcc?style=flat-square)](https://opencollective.com/riffcc)

# Riff.CC "Orbiter"
A proof-of-concept version of Riff.CC, implemented using OrbitDB, Constellation, IPFS and other tools. Funding provided via [OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/riffcc).

## Getting started
* Install dependencies:

```
yarn
```

* Run the application in development mode (with hot reloading)

```
yarn dev
```

* Visit the application in your browser, generate a moderation database, copy the parameters the application gives you, and copy them to `./.env.local`

* Stop and re-run the application to apply the new moderation database.

### Note for linux:
The following packages probably need to be installed:

```
$ apt install libgtk-3-0 && apt install libgbm1 && apt-get install libasound2 && apt-get install libatk-1.0.so.0
```

## Deploying to production

Compile and minify the application:

```
pnpm build
```

Then deploy the bundle of HTML/CSS/JS that is produced.

## Customize configuration

See [Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Credits
Authored by [@julienmalard](https://github.com/julienmalard), [@Zorlin](https://github.com/Zorlin), and the Riff.CC Project.


## Sponsors
Thank you to our sponsors, who have generously provided funding for the development of the Riff.CC Project:

* [Money Every 3 Days](http://moneyevery3days.com/)

Commit message:

Stub data + first work on audio streaming

README.md, after:

[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/opencollective/all/riffcc?style=flat-square)](https://opencollective.com/riffcc)

# Riff.CC "Orbiter"
A proof-of-concept version of Riff.CC, implemented using OrbitDB, Constellation, IPFS and other tools. Funding provided via [OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/riffcc).

## Getting started
* Install dependencies:

```
yarn
```

* Run the application in development mode (with hot reloading)

```
yarn watch:web
```

* Visit the application in your browser, generate a moderation database, copy the parameters the application gives you, and copy them to `./.env.local`

* Stop and re-run the application to apply the new moderation database.

## Development

To auto-populate the site in dev mode with fake data (useful for testing the UI):

```
yarn watch:web:stub
```

### Note for linux:
The following packages probably need to be installed:

```
$ apt install libgtk-3-0 && apt install libgbm1 && apt-get install libasound2 && apt-get install libatk-1.0.so.0
```

## Deploying to production

Compile and minify the application:

```
pnpm build
```

Then deploy the bundle of HTML/CSS/JS that is produced.

## Customize configuration

See [Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Credits
Authored by [@julienmalard](https://github.com/julienmalard), [@Zorlin](https://github.com/Zorlin), and the Riff.CC Project.


## Sponsors
Thank you to our sponsors, who have generously provided funding for the development of the Riff.CC Project:

* [Money Every 3 Days](http://moneyevery3days.com/)
